são paulo to thursday 12 we have 19 hours
in that time it cannot take more than two minutes by medical determination and
features now do not break the routine as every week we have a lot of good things
informal Brazil for example have been read in detail now that it moves on to
next week the provisional measure of freedom appeared where the young power
take your student ID on the internet or for free in the box on the side
ahead we now have the frequency or the record for the purposes of the family grant also
we signed the provisional measure that talks about the lifetime pension for children with
microcephaly caused by the farias virus is also a rule in the apprehension of
cocaine for sure in a direct instead of
violent death of brazil but i learned in our air force
in cassette 90 in month after month positively influenced the numbers of the
business tourism in brazil china enabling 25 new refrigerators
this morning she visits a person who saved me the sale along with the
his colleagues outside the doctor luiz henrique borsari
the head of the medical team there that September last year he has
details his book collection the knife reached 11 vital points
and ends up in the heart bursting child is a visit that one day like the new
thrill then doctor luiz leite 1 por frog who
thank you for the cause so thank you once again to all of you and
in this easier one between luis scola also doctor antonio is being that now
works here in vila nova is in a chain hospital last year i converted
regional decisions for my life to god first and we have a
condition to help change the destiny of this great country called Brazil you very much
thanks for the opportunity until thursday the two made a
take with good news as we are always doing